## Date: 6/13/2019, Thursday.

## Stats:
* Approaches: 2
* Phone numbers: 1
* Performance rating (1-5): 1
* Follow up dates: 0
* Same Day Lays: 0

## Summary:
Tonight was quite bad. Like, really bad. So I had taken a break from the game for a while, and it
definitely showed. I had spent memorial day weekend and the weekend previous at my parents and 
was out of the game. Then came back. I tried to go out on a thursday (5/30) on my own, but was 
super burnt out from work, and basically had 2 approaches (I did a couple of approaches during 
that day though). On that Saturday (6/1), I did a bunch of day gaming, and had some success, but 
ultimately felt quite discouraged. After getting some phone numbers on Thursday and Saturday, 
they all flaked, and it felt like a lot of wasted effort.

Last weekend I didn't do anything besides sit on my couch because I was switching 
anti-depressants. I think that was actually a wise move, it was good to work through that.

So basically, over the past month, I've really gone out gaming once. And tonight, I went out again.

I went to Sheffield's in Lakeview. I saw two girls at a bar and went over there. I heard them say
something about an asshole. I struck up a conversation. A lot of banter, good conversation. 
Almost 90 minutes later, the friend, 'Emma', had a guy friend come along, and they headed to to 
her place. Sam and I headed out, on to the next adventure. I ended up taking her to the River. I
thought this could be my first pull. It didn't end up happening. We kissed a little here and 
there, but no making out. I don't know if I should have taken us somewhere closer to my place, 
etc. She was going through some personal issues she told me a bit in detail, so maybe wasn't in 
the mood. Overall, for a first approach to turn into an almost pull, not bad.

So I'm at the River with this girl, and she says she is going to leave. I am now on my own, by 
myself at this place that I sometimes frequent, full of young 8's and 9's. And I just freeze. 
Absolutely freeze. I have no idea what to say or what to do. I feel like this place is my 
kryptonite. It is so intimidating. It is full of girls in groups of 6, it is loud, everyone is 
dancing, and it is so hard to just go up to a girl, let alone a group of 3 or 6, and figure out 
what to say, let alone how to make something happen. It's hard to have some fun banter when 
everything is loud, and instead you just have to be confident and seem more alpha. Being there, 
alone, sober, is super hard. I eventually said hi to a girl, complimented her on her hat, chatted
her for a bit and her friends, but that fizzled out. And then for like 15 minutes just stood 
there unsure of what the hell to do, completely frozen. It was really bad. I ended up just 
leaving and heading home, dejected, but knowing there is tomorrow. I feel like this is 
the place, the River, and places like it (e.g. electric hotel, concrete cowboy, etc) that are the 
places I want to accomplish. To be able to go there, sober, alone, in a loud, over crowded place,
full of hot girls in large groups closed off to you ... if I can figure out a way to not be 
intimidated by that and figure out how to make that work, I feel like I can grow a lot. In the 
meantime, those places scare the shit out of me.

**Update:** I texted Sam the next day, to never hear back from her.
