## Date: 6/15/2019, Friday.

## Stats:
* Approaches: 16
* Phone numbers: 3
* Performance rating (1-5): 3
* Follow up dates: TBD

## Summary:
First of all, [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OpmAWcMtBFw) is an important video from Todd
V about how he structures his system. Important thing I got out of that was that guys can be 
good at opening, and can be good at talking, but they need to be good at establishing a premise 
for some sort of a relationship and then making the girl qualify herself. I can open. And I 
have some witt. But having conversations about where you're from, what do you do, and maybe some
fun humor here and there, overall isn't going to lead to much growth or success. Second, there 
is [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fxpe8YoMLV8) that summarizes that this is all a
numbers game, and it is all very hard and painful. Maybe as we get better, the numbers happen 
more frequently, but nevertheless.

Tonight, I almost pulled, and I feel like, really, it was just because I reached that numbers 
game. I met that 1 out of every 10th, 50th, 100th approach that was going to make my night great.   

---

I was having almost pretty bad panic attacks tonight before I went out. Just sitting there, on my
couch, waiting for the hour to hit for me to go out. All I had to do with myself was think about 
the night. How badly it could go. How scary it could go. At times my stomach would be upset. It 
felt emotionally painful. It was hard.

I ended up going out. Me and a buddy took the train. I sat next to a girl with an interesting 
umbrella and a violin. We chatted her up for a bit. I got her number. I think I'll text her. 
We'll see if she texts back.

We went to our first bar. There were two girls at the corner of the bar. I approached them, not 
knowing what to say. I said 'It seems like you are having an interesting conversation'. One girl 
said no, it's rather quite boring. I went on to ask if she was boring. About 20-30 minutes later of 
conversation and banter, I got one girls number. Actually, for some reason (I forget), I had her 
phone in my hands. I added my name in her phone and texted myself. They weren't that pretty. I 
probably won't text her.

Then we went to the River. Uh oh. My arch nemesis. I just tried saying hi to a bunch of girls. 
Approached about 10 girls. A little decent success. Talked to a couple really hot girls. Thought 
to myself, wow, this is actually not too hard. They flirted a little back. I just now need to learn 
what to say really. No phone numbers. I also made a point to just have fun, really enjoy myself, and
dance. Also, there were a couple times where some friends, as a group of three, approached some 
girls I had previously approached and did not do so well with. I made sure to stay away, so as 
not to involve myself, and affect their chances. Also also, if a girl passes her really ugly fat 
(I hate being mean like that) friend onto me, you have permission, as my friend, to rescue me 
from that situation please.

Spending about an hour at the River was exhausting. I code all week long. By no means am I saying
my job is harder than others, but doing a lot of hard math all week long can drain you out. 
As a 30 year old, spending an hour at a night club, dancing, trying to be really 
confident, just trying to exert a lot of emotional energy ... I was pretty spent. I set out what 
I wanted to accomplish. This is a marathon, not a sprint. Honestly, going to bed right now sounds
amazing.

Some other guys were younger than me. One was 28, one was 25, one was 21. All relatively new to 
night game as well and excited to try it out, and told me to keep going. I had nothing left, but 
I knew some good places, so I said I'll show them. I did a couple of other approaches. Nothing 
crazy. For the next 30 minutes, I just really didn't try. I had no emotional energy left. Maybe 
I'll just stand here and see if I can recharge a little.

---

One friend was having some decent success with a girl at a new bar. She was sitting down with three 
friends, all facing the bar. She was on the left side. He was to the left of her. I was just 
standing there, trying to not fall asleep and burn out. The two other friends seemed cute. He 
eventually tried to introduce a couple of us to them. Apparently 'middle girl' was cockblocking 
him pretty hard. Anyways, I started chatting with the two of them. They were hard to understand. 
They seemed russian or czech. Oh, actually, they were just drunk Irish girls talking in a loud 
club. Ok, now they are making sense. Anyways, we are having a good time talking. I spent two 
weeks travelling across Ireland studying their special needs education system. We had stuff in 
common. Middle girl is giving me some pretty flirty vibes.

The group of three eventually gets up and does something else. I get their number though. We 
eventually make our way outside the bar where a bunch of people are hanging out. Those girls are 
there too. We start talking and chatting more, and they invite us to join them on their next 
adventure. Me and middle girl hit it off really well. Ever meet that girl where your energy and 
her energy just seem to match? It felt like that way with me and her. I said let's grab an uber 
to my place. We almost did. But then she got concerned with her friend, as she was wanting to 
make sure her friend would get home or something (don't totally remember). I canceled the uber, 
no problem. We catch up with the friend, and start going ... where are we going to? Me and middle
girl quickly separate from the friend and two of my friends. During this time we are holding 
hands, kissing a bit. Eventually it is clear that we are headed to her place. After 20 minutes 
of walking, it is then clear this girl is super drunk and has no idea where she is going. I get 
us an uber to her place. We definitely wandered in the wrong direction, lol. While waiting for 
the uber, I ask if she has any condoms. She says no. That ... that was a big mistake. After 
asking that question, she instantly says she just wants to go home. She likely had an excuse to 
take me home and say to herself 'we just ended up fucking'. Now the premise is out there in the 
open, and she will seem like a slut. While waiting for the uber, we still make out. I have may 
hand under her pants, grabbing her ass. Her ass ... it is the softest, most supple thing I have 
ever felt. She must be 20. This is amazing. We get in the uber. I try to finger her. She pushes 
back. I try to feel her up more, get her to feel my crotch more, she resists more. I ask her is 
she wants to come to my place instead. She says 'No. I would like to, but I know I would just 
fall asleep. And I have work tomorrow.' As we previously discussed, she is a waitress on 
weekends, and seems pretty set on getting to work tomorrow at 10. I try to assure her that she 
can rest in my comfortable bed, but she says no. As we get closer to her place, she asks to be 
let out the car. She is actually trying to be nice, and just wants to walk herself home, and 
doesn't want to be a burden to me. I refuse. She is way too drunk. She is now my responsibility 
to make sure she gets home safe. Hopefully she'll remember me tomorrow. It's a numbers game out 
there, and I have a lot to improve on, but I guess I got lucky tonight. Well, almost lol.

---

One other thing I'll mention here, which I've debated if I should open up about, is about 
masturbation. This 'middle girl' was so sexy, and yet, I definitely regretted as a 30 year old 
masturbating the night before. As someone who's struggled for 15+ years with porn and 
masturbation; if you're young and you're reading this, my advice would be to at least stay far 
away from porn. It can do very lasting damage and create really bad habits that are not easy to 
break.

---

Also, I did this all completely sober. I think drinking is overrated.
