## Date: 6/21/2019, Friday.

## Stats:
* Approaches: 12
* Phone numbers: 1
* Performance rating (1-5): 2
* Follow up dates: TBD
* Same Day Lays: 0

## Summary:

I hate waiting. It's horrible. Once 5pm hits, it's all nervous anticipation that's worse 
than being out there in the actual field. Will it go well? What if I completely bomb? It's the 
same reason why we're afraid of the dark - we're afraid of what we don't know.

I try to take a nap after getting home. At around 8pm I still feel a bit stressed out. I go on my
computer and start coding. It helps distract me a bit ... Hopefully by now you figured out that 
I'm a developer simply by the fact that I'm hosting these field reports on github. If you didn't
figure that out, fyi, github is essentially a place where developers save all their lines of code.

I have IBS and my stomach is just churning with stress. If you don't know, doctors and 
psychologists often refer to something as the 'gut - brain' connection. When you're really 
stressed out, your stomach can react to those feelings and get stressed out itself. Sometimes
stomach issues can trigger anxiety as well.

My stomach feels like it's lighting up. At times it feels super cramped and I've had some 
diarrhetic symptoms today. I'm still questioning if I want to go out tonight. What if my stomach is 
really bad and I have to go to the bathroom in some shitty bar with a toilet that doesn't have a
stall door?

Going out tonight also forces me to face these fears. This is also why I didn't have a drink of 
alcohol tonight. And I still had fun. Ultimately, I know in the back of my head, I just have to push
myself ahead, just walk forward into the night, and I'll be fine. 

---

I was listening to the Real Time with Bill Maher on my phone (they release the show as a podcast)
at 3am while playing Candy Crush because I have awful sleeping habits. One thing Bill Maher 
discussed with his panelists was why young people are having less sex. They discussed a number of
issues, how men are afraid that women they have consensual sex with will later change their mind 
about it being consensual (see Aziz Ansari). The availability of porn. How, if young women are 
being taught in school that if men are full of toxic masculinity that needs to be cured, then 
what is your dating life going to look like if you think the men you are dating are oppressing you
and are the patriarchy?

Obviously times are a bit more complicated now. There are a lot of bad things about the SJW 
movement. I'm thankful for the #meToo movement because it has brought a voice to women that has 
been very much needed and helped them share their perspective. And I believe we should try to 
treat women with respect.

But prince charmings dont grow on trees. Sometimes when you try to flirt with a girl, she may 
think you are creepy. And then 30 minutes later, when you try to flirt in the same way with 
another girl, she may think you're the hottest guy out there. I get it, some guys are weird. But 
if you want a man, and a man who knows how to treat you well and make you feel loved ... well, he
can't learn that by sitting on the couch all day. Guys and girls need to get out there in the 
real world and flirt with each other and find out what they want. If you are waiting for a man to
suddenly appear, download all the necessary social skills and knowledge, matrix-style, and know how
to treat you the exact way you want to be treated, then I just don't think that's practical. 
Often, learning social skills takes work and failures, and we can't get upset at people for trying
to learn those skills. Just, you know, don't be a dick, and if a girl doesn't want to talk to you,
then move on.

---

John and I went to Wrigleyville. We both haven't been there before for night game so we spent 
most of the night exploring different spots.

We started off at Sluggers. I had been there many times before, but not on a weekend night. A lot
of cliques and crappy white girl music with a dance floor. It's loud. And I'm just completely 
cold. I have no idea what to do. The thought of approaching a girl or a group of girls just seems
out of my mind and super intimidating. I'm realizing how impressed with myself I am about 
previous nights I've had. And how did I ever think I could come here by myself and do this? If I 
maybe get six shitty approaches I'll be happy.

Also, I feel completely useless and I hate this. I barely know how to open. If I get interest 
from a girl, I know how to flirt a little and improvise, but I really don't know what I'm doing 
and kinda just pretend. I feel like I'm wasting my time being here. My first 4-5 sets are the 
same. I say hi and something stupid and walk away. I don't know what I'm doing. I should be home 
studying. I think I'm forming bad habits.

A couple of the first few approaches I tell girls they have funny white girl dance moves. They 
look at me like a dick. I get blown out.

---

After going to Sluggers and a loud country bar (for the record, I didn't really like any of the 
music tonight, what is up with you Wrigleyville), we head across the street to a place called 
Deuces. We're waiting in line and these two young Asian girls are complaining about this red 
little puddle next to them.

* Me: "That's aids, I should know, I have it." We move up ten feet in the line. There's a blue 
puddle.
* Asian girls: "Oh, what's this?"
* Me: "Oh, that's herpres."
* John: "If you want we can give you some."
* Ags: "Is it free?"
* Me: "No, but there's a 20% discount right now on all std's". 
* Asian girl: "Wow, that sounds like a great deal!"
* John: "Ya, there's actually a buy one get one free deal right now."

We flirt with the Asian girls a little more. They are with their guy friends. John and I go to the
dance floor.

---

While still at Deuces, a white girl and her friend are coming down the stairs. The white girl 
runs into John and spills her clear drink onto John. John and I immediately try to work this
situation. Her not so attractive friend immediately puts her hands on me. I'm not interested.

This white girl is hot. Curves, but good curves. She has really cool hair. Black tube top. Big 
boobs. She knows how to move her hips really well. The problem is she knows that she's really hot.
I'm not going to get anywhere with her by treating her like every other guy does. She just wants 
attention. I often turn my back to her while dancing and just try to enjoy the night. At one 
point I say she needs to watch out, she's going to keep bumping into people. That pisses her off 
and she gives me the finger. I need to figure out how to neg a girl in a more playful way.

Also, I need to learn how to dance. I feel like if I have some decent, cool footwork to break out
onto the dance floor, girls would be excited by that and want to dance with me. A lot of white 
girls out there are on the dance floor and just want to have fun. I don't think I saw any white 
guys with any cool dance moves. If I can be a little decent, I think girls will say "there's a 
guy I can have fun dancing with".

---

John and I leave Deuces. We see if there is anything north but don't find anything. As we walk 
along I peer into a fast food joint and see a cute girl lock eyes with me. I walk ahead but then 
immediately walk back and get another look at her. She looks at me like "What kind of creep are 
you?"

---

I used to be a high school math teacher. I remember one particular day, as a first year 
teacher, I was just getting bullied a lot by these teenagers. They were really dicks. I 
remember one kid, let's call him Greg (honestly don't remember his name), asked "Why the hell 
would I ever need to know any of this stuff?"

Well, I could get into a rant about why Math is important in life. I guess Greg was complaining 
more specifically why 'Chapter 11' in his Math textbook will every be important to him. First of 
all, shut the fuck up Greg. Second of all, geometry. Because sometimes, geometry often dictates 
which girl, the hot one or the fatter one, is gonna suck your dick that night.

---

John and I are walking around. I remember googling a couple months back 'Best places to get 
laid in Chicago' and one spot in Wrigleyville came up. What was that spot? I google and 
eventually find it. It was Smart Bar (we didn't end up going, it was a $20 cover charge and John 
is a med student). But another spot that was on the list was the Irish Oak.

As John and I are walking around, we peer into this bar with a bunch of people sitting down and 
say let's take a look. I realize this is the Irish Oak.

There are two girls in the middle of the bar dancing with each other. Now, here's where the 
geometry comes into factor. John was on my right as we entered the bar. I approach these two girls.
I just go up to them and say hi. There's a girl on my left, let's call her Gabriel. Girl on the 
right, let's call her Amanda. So I'm on the left directly facing Gabriel and John is directly 
facing Amanda.

* Me: "Hi". 
* Gabriel: "WHAT?"
* Me: "Hey, how are you? I'm trying to introduce myself, I'm trying to be polite." I say this with
a bit of wit and sarcasm.

Amanda puts out her hand like a princess. I make fun of her for her hand gesture. I try to be 
more direct with Amanda. She is definitely much hotter. Her body, her boobs, her but is a 9. Her 
face is a 7.5. She is great. I try to pivot, and pull Amanda towards me. But goddamnit Greg, 
geometry! John is on my right, it's easier for him to talk to her. Take one for the team, I talk to
Gabriel.

Now, I can see everything John is doing. He immediately starts talking to Amanda. He pulls her 
close. I find out he says a few flirty things and says something like "Are you adventurous?
Show me." They start immediately making out. He dances with her. Spins her. Spoons her and has 
his hands all over her tits.

As this is beginning I'm talking to Gabriel.

* Me: "How do you know your friend".
* I'm thinking to myself:`oh crap, don't look over to your friend too much, she is totally making
 out with John right now, will this be a problem?`.
* G: She answers the question.
* Me: "Oh so you guys work together?" 
* `damnit she's gonna keep noticing her friend is making out with John`. By now G has her hands 
all over me. She's from Guatamela. She's sexy, but she is overweight.
* Somewhere along this far in the conversation, as Amanda starts making out with John, G is all 
over me, and we are close. I start making out with her. We're doing some combination of making 
out, dancing, hands on each other, and talking. I think it only took 45 seconds to 1 minute to 
start making out with her. Same goes for John of course.
* Me: "Oh, wow, Guatamela is great, have you been to South America? I'm moving there next year." 
I use this line a lot, and try to insert it into conversation often. It's true. It also makes me 
sound interesting and adventurous.
* G: "Oh, wow, no I haven't been to South America..."
* Me: "Well I guess that makes me more adventurous than you."

At one point I'm making out with Gabriel and talking to her. Her hands are all over me. Amanda's
are all over John. It's only been 5 minutes but it seems like it's been hours. We are just four 
people standing here at a bar wasting precious time because we are all going to fuck each other. I
try to ask and see how dtf Gabriel is right now.

* Me: "Do you want me to take you?". This was a weirdly worded phrase on my part. I guess I was 
trying to say 'Do you want me to take you home right now, do you want me to take your body', 
without being too overt but trying to see if she caught my drift.
* G: "What?"
* Me: "Do you want me to take you?"
* G: "What?" 
* `okay, maybe i should not being saying this. Maybe it's too forward and upfront?`
* Me: "Do you want me to keep kissing you?". I proceed to make out with her more. She's not the
greatest kisser. I doubt I am either.

John and I are making out with these girls, dancing, spinning them around, hands on their asses 
and tits. Gabriel's hands are on my chest. I think girls like placing their hands on my chest. 
I'm almost 6'3" and in decent shape.  Especially if they are shorter, they like feeling a tall 
strong guy.

Amanda has hoop earrings. So does Gabriel. One of Amanda's earrings gets caught on 
John's jean jacket. They get in untangled. About three minutes later, Gabriel says 'oh my gosh'
and realizes that one of hers is missing. Suddenly the momentum feels dead, and we are looking 
for it. After about 30 seconds we can't find it. The girls proceed to go to the bathroom.

Ok, this is interesting. What happened? We're totally fucking these girls right? John and I talk.
Let's move them to a different bar, then we'll bring them back to my place (John is living with 
some roommates who seem to be having a get together, and I have a 2 bedroom apartment, so 
enough room for the four of us). The girls eventually come back from the bathroom. We say hey, 
let's go to another bar. The girls follow us outside. John asks them if they like to play Mario 
Kart (I have an N64 at home. Some guys try to bring girls home with the allure of wine or cute 
dogs. My allure is nostalgic video games). Amanda says to John, though I can't totally hear, that
they are going somewhere else. John says "Ok, are you guys sure?" A: "Ya."
 
Maybe what I said to Gabriel about 'wanting to take her' was too much and freaked her out.
Maybe when they got to the bathroom and they kinda got scared of their sluttiness.
Maybe we got cockblocked by hoop earrings.

---

John and I are back at sluggers. There are a couple big fat guys in the middle of the dance floor.
I think I saw at the corner of my eye one of them tried to punch the other? He's now getting 
held back by his friends. I go up to security to let them know. Security: "Oh, okay, just watch 
out then." - Ok :/

We leave sluggers. One guy is just kinda talking out to the people walking by, including John 
and I, "do you need weed or coke?" This is obviously no big deal and occurs often, but as someone 
who hasn't gone out a lot in the past, I just think to myself `oh, gotcha, so this is what it's 
like going out on a Friday night`.

---

Two cute blonde girls are walking past us each with small, white cardboard to-go boxes that are 
about the size to hold a slice of cake. The shorter girl is walking with her box normally. The
taller girl is waving around the box in the air, it's clearly empty.

I say something like:
* Me: "Where'd you get the food from?"
* Short girl: "Oh this is just some cake we bought."
* Me to taller girl: "You're going to destroy your cake."
* Taller girl: "No, I actually already ate it." (shows me small piece in her hand)
* Me: "I don't know, do you treat your men like you treat your cake?"
* TG: "Actually I treat my cake better than I treat my men."
* Me: "I don't know if I should be turned on or turned off right now."
* TG: "Well I guess you'll have to find out."
* Me: "Well I guess you'll have to give me your phone number."

She and her friend are walking away. TG says: "No. But that was smooth."

That was smooth.

---

I'm all for people trying to find work and make a living. Sometimes it's really tough out there. 
But two things that annoy me are New Jersey gas station attendants and bathroom attendants. I can
pump my own gas. Your job is completely arbitrary. I'm sorry that you're in this situation, but 
you're not providing me an added benefit. Don't get upset with me when I don't tip you. With 
bathroom attendants, I guess if you need mints or cologne or condoms or stuff, that stuff is 
helpful. But I can get my own soap.

---

John and I go to Moe's Cantina. Latin music. There is this girl that's maybe 5' tall with amazing
dance moves and great tits. She is hanging out with her three friends who are not attractive. I 
think I just go up to say hi or something. I don't know. I had been eyeing her for a while but 
made sure she didn't notice. She is pretty hot. I say hi and she immediately lights up. I think 
she's excited that this tall not ugly white guy is flirting with her. She immediately gets 
closer to me. She takes her phone and puts it in her shirt (in front of her boob). She beings to 
dance with me. I ask her what her name is. She says Lucy. I dance with her, do a little salsa, spin 
her. I feel her ass and a bit of her tits. I ask her "Lucy, are you adventurous?". She laughs. We
dance for thirty more seconds. She grabs my dick. She leaves.
 
She clearly just wanted attention. Maybe I'll see her around again. When she put her hand on my 
crotch, I should have pushed back. Told her 'Hey, you need to earn that first' or something. I go
up to John.

* John: "What happened there?"
* Me: "Meh, it was ok, but she put her hand on my dick :man_shrugging"

---

John and I are still at Moe's Cantina. At the other side of the bar now. Lucy is actually not too
far away. If I flirt with some other girls and add some value maybe she'll be interested in me. 
There are these two hot chicks dancing with each other. One's white, cute, amazing dance moves, and
one is hispanic, hot, great tits. I eventually go up to the white one:

* Me: "You know, I think you're only white girl here, and you've got the best dance moves."
* White girl immediately blushes. `Do hot girls really respond well to compliments? I thought you
 kinda have to diss them a bit and make them qualify? Am I better looking than I thought?`
* WG: "Wow, thank you, that's quite the compliment."
* `Ok, that is definitely an accent. Where is that from? Is she eastern european?`
* Me: "Blah blah blah, wow, where are you from?"
* WG: "blah blah blah, oh, you'd never guess. Everyone asks when they first talk to me. They 
always get it wrong."
* We talk and bullshit a little more. Me: "Well I guess I'll have to take you out for drinks 
first before I guess where you're from."
* We talk and flirt a little more. It's loud. My hand is on her hips as I talk closely with her.
* I get her number. I give her a hug and say 'ciao' and give her a kiss on the cheek. She does 
the same.
* About 30 seconds later I turn around and John is talking to WG's friend. I ask them where they 
are going. They are going home. They have work the next day. We chat a little and bullshit some 
more. John asks WG where she's from. She mentions she's partly from South America.
* Me: "Whoa, timeout. Where in South America are you from?" I can tell I am kinda overwhelming 
her, but not in a bad way. She is curious why I'm so zealous about this South America thing. "I 
ask because I am actually moving to South America next year."
* WG: "Wow, no really?!!! Where do you want to move to?"
* Me: I tell her the city I'm moving to.
* WG: Freaks out. "Oh my gosh, it is MY DREAM to move there some day!!!"
* Me: I grab her in a hug. "You're moving with me to South American City. We're getting married."
* WG: "Omg yes, let's go!!! We're gonna get married."
* John: "I'll be the best man."

We part ways.

Lucy is gone.

---

John and I call it a night. I'm now waiting for the train. My stomach is upset. Lol. Funny how 
when you're having fun and socializing, there are no stomach issues.

---

Maybe we should stop counting how many approaches and phone numbers we get. I think counting 
approaches is not a bad idea, especially for a beginner, to keep yourself accountable. But phone 
numbers is a bad metric I think. Girls will often give you a number because they just want to 
avoid confrontation. We should probably just be counting dates and lays.

## Conclusion:

### Three things I did well:
1. I went out. Despite feeling nervous and uncomfortable, I got myself out there and had fun.
2. John was great with this. Whenever we were at a spot and just weren't feeling it or not liking 
the vibes, we moved onto the next place. I especially think about the first time we were at 
Sluggers. I was feeling nervous and unsure how to approach. I think jumping around a few places 
and getting into the swing of things helped us. If you aren't feeling it, just try a new venue 
and change your environment. There's always plenty of people to talk to.
3. I did a good job with that white girl, making myself feel adventurous to her, and adding value
to her night.

### Three things to improve upon:
1. Probably should get a couple decent dance moves.
2. Have better openers.
3. Be able to transition from an opener to something flirty more quickly, especially in the first
few sets when I'm still working on my momentum.
